README.md, before:

# My Garage App 🚘 🅿️

My garage App is an application where the user can see a list of Cars , add Cars to this list, and manage their favorites.

The data is being fetch from my own <a href="https://seat-cars-api.herokuapp.com/cars"> API </a> made on JSON Web server and hosted on Heroku.

## 💻 Technologies I used:


<p> 
  <a href="https://reactjs.org/" target="_blank"> 
    <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/a7/React-icon.svg/2300px-React-icon.svg.png" alt="react" width="40" height="40"/> 
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.typescriptlang.org/" target="_blank"> 
    <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/4c/Typescript_logo_2020.svg/1200px-Typescript_logo_2020.svg.png" alt="typescript" width="40" height="40"/> 
  </a> 
  <a href="https://vitejs.dev/" target="_blank"> 
    <img src="https://seeklogo.com/images/V/vite-logo-BFD4283991-seeklogo.com.png" alt="vite" width="40" height="40"/> 
  </a> 
    <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript" target="_blank"> 
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" alt="javascript" width="40" height="40"/> 
  </a> 
  <a href="https://vitest.dev/" target="_blank"> 
    <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/55503146/203579370-503055d4-66b9-46ed-a42e-d6d374879d3f.png" alt="vitest" width="40" height="40"/> 
  </a> 
  <a href="https://testing-library.com/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://testing-library.com/img/octopus-128x128.png" alt="figma" width="40" height="40" /> 
  </a>
  <a href="https://redux.js.org" target="_blank"> 
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/redux/redux-original.svg" alt="redux" width="40" height="40"/> 
  </a> 
  <a href="https://github.com/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahulbanerjee26/githubAboutMeGenerator/main/icons/github.svg" width="40" height="40">
  </a>
  <a href="https://git-scm.com/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahulbanerjee26/githubAboutMeGenerator/main/icons/git.svg" width="40" height="40">
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/css/" target="_blank"> 
    <img src="https://external-content.duckduckgo.com/iu/?u=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn1.iconfinder.com%2Fdata%2Ficons%2Flogotypes%2F32%2Fbadge-css-3-512.png&f=1&nofb=1" alt="css3" width="40" height="40"/>
  </a>
  <a href="https://material-ui.com/" target="_blank"> 
    <img src="https://img.icons8.com/color/480/material-ui.png" alt="materialUI" width="40" height="40"/> 
   </a>
</p>

#### Some noticeable features are:
- Users can have they own favorites where they can manage their favorite cars adding or deleting them. ✅
- User can also add new cars to the main car list and the app will save them on localStorage ✅

## Available Scripts

First of all you will need to install all dependencies, to do that you could use 
### `npm install` or ### `yarn`

Then in the project directory, you can run:

### `npm run dev`

Runs the app in dev mode.\
Open [http://localhost:5173](http://localhost:5173) to view it in the browser.

The page will not reload if you make edits.\


### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

Commit message:

Update README with demo link

README.md, after:

# My Garage App 🚘 🅿️

My garage App is an application where the user can see a list of Cars , add Cars to this list, and manage their favorites.

The data is being fetch from my own <a href="https://seat-cars-api.herokuapp.com/cars"> API </a> made on JSON Web server and hosted on Heroku.

You can see a live demo deployed on Vercel here: [DEMO](https://my-garage-app.vercel.app/).

## 💻 Technologies I used:


<p> 
  <a href="https://reactjs.org/" target="_blank"> 
    <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/a7/React-icon.svg/2300px-React-icon.svg.png" alt="react" width="40" height="40"/> 
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.typescriptlang.org/" target="_blank"> 
    <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/4c/Typescript_logo_2020.svg/1200px-Typescript_logo_2020.svg.png" alt="typescript" width="40" height="40"/> 
  </a> 
  <a href="https://vitejs.dev/" target="_blank"> 
    <img src="https://seeklogo.com/images/V/vite-logo-BFD4283991-seeklogo.com.png" alt="vite" width="40" height="40"/> 
  </a> 
    <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript" target="_blank"> 
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" alt="javascript" width="40" height="40"/> 
  </a> 
  <a href="https://vitest.dev/" target="_blank"> 
    <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/55503146/203579370-503055d4-66b9-46ed-a42e-d6d374879d3f.png" alt="vitest" width="40" height="40"/> 
  </a> 
  <a href="https://testing-library.com/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://testing-library.com/img/octopus-128x128.png" alt="figma" width="40" height="40" /> 
  </a>
  <a href="https://redux.js.org" target="_blank"> 
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/redux/redux-original.svg" alt="redux" width="40" height="40"/> 
  </a> 
  <a href="https://github.com/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahulbanerjee26/githubAboutMeGenerator/main/icons/github.svg" width="40" height="40">
  </a>
  <a href="https://git-scm.com/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahulbanerjee26/githubAboutMeGenerator/main/icons/git.svg" width="40" height="40">
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/css/" target="_blank"> 
    <img src="https://external-content.duckduckgo.com/iu/?u=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn1.iconfinder.com%2Fdata%2Ficons%2Flogotypes%2F32%2Fbadge-css-3-512.png&f=1&nofb=1" alt="css3" width="40" height="40"/>
  </a>
  <a href="https://material-ui.com/" target="_blank"> 
    <img src="https://img.icons8.com/color/480/material-ui.png" alt="materialUI" width="40" height="40"/> 
   </a>
</p>

#### Some noticeable features are:
- Users can have they own favorites where they can manage their favorite cars adding or deleting them. ✅
- User can also add new cars to the main car list and the app will save them on localStorage ✅

## Available Scripts

First of all you will need to install all dependencies, to do that you could use 
### `npm install` or ### `yarn`

Then in the project directory, you can run:

### `npm run dev`

Runs the app in dev mode.\
Open [http://localhost:5173](http://localhost:5173) to view it in the browser.

The page will not reload if you make edits.\


### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!
